
= Milkshake

Milkshake allows you to compose rails apps from several other rails apps specially packed as gems.

== Installation

  $ sudo gem install milkshake

== Creating a host application

To create a new host application you must use the <tt>create-host</tt> command.

  $ milkshake create-host my_host_applications
  Rails app successfully created!
  Rails app successfully cleaned!
  Milkshake successfully installed!
  Rails app successfully stripped!
  $ ls my_host_applications
  config db log public script tmp

The most important part of the host application is the <tt>config/milkshake.yml</tt> file.

  gems:
    my-gem:
      version: 0.2.38
      lib:     my_gem
      source:  http://www.github.com

After changing the <tt>milkshake.yml</tt> or updating some gems you must touch <tt>tmp/relink.txt</tt> and restart your app server (touch <tt>tmp/restart.txt</tt> for passenger).

== Wish list

* link rake tasks from [gem path]/lib/tasks
* migrate down when removing (or downgrading) a gem.
* rollback to last snapshot when relink fails.
* Make (optional) external data directory for databases and uploaded or generated files.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Simon Menke. See LICENSE for details.
